I wanted to add a quick note with this video and that is in Thai script there are several places where
type inferences are used to provide type information where there is no explicit mention of a type.
What do I mean.
Well typescript is smart enough to know or infer and say yeah you mean a number or yeah.
You mean a string and actually ADD types for you.
Let me show you what I mean if I go let X it calls 2 3 or 4 and I save and let's just say I'm going
to go X equals two.
Hello Now
well look at that.
I get type hello is not assignable to type number even though I never said number here it inferred and
said that.
Oh yeah you're just giving me a number that's easy.
X is supposed to be a number.
And that's a really nice feature that you get out of the box without doing anything.
So we have gone through all these features of typescript.
Very cool.
All right I'll see in the next video.
Buh-Bye.